The user has a need to provide the information collected by Kintsu to their insurance adjuster. To ensure that informaton is accurate, the user will proceed through multiple iterations of locating and processing data with Kintsu. The Kintsu app must make this process as simple as possible for the user. For example, we need to allow the user to review all the data that the app has collected and processed. 

With each type of data, i.e. each subfolder of the Hopper folder, the app needs to provide the user a simple way to review the data and either select it for further processing or reporting, or to make it for exclusion or deletion. The user needs to be able to select files that are liste in each folder. For example, the files that are shown in the Gmail folder need to be able to be opened and viewed by the user. Right now, if a user opens a file in the browser, that google drive processing is used to open the file. This means that .html files are viewed as text files. The app needs to make sure that they are opened as html files. Also, if .json files are opened, the app should display the contents of the file in a way that is easy to read. Users also need a way when editing files to mark them as "excluded" or "deleted". A user should be able to select that choice, and at a later point, the file, and it's associated .html, .eml, .json files should be moved to "deleted" or "excluded" sub-folders. Since the user has worked so hard to collect this data we want to be cautious in truly destroying it. 

The need to review and approve the data contained in the app is true for all data types. Each folder needs a way to review the data and either select it for further processing or reporting, or to make it for exclusion or deletion. So far, we only have the processing in place for Amazon Data Dumps and Gmail files extracted by Takeout. As we implement more data types, we need to make sure that the user can review and approve the data in the same way. Having a consistent way to review and approve the data is important for the user experience. Ideally, the UI for the app should be consistent across all data types. Likewise, processing should be consistent across all data types, with the end result being a consistent format, i.e. .json, for the data. 

Thought needs to be given to how we report data to the insurance adjuster. Do we create a "report", i.e. a .pdf file, or do we create a .zip file of the data, or do we dump everything to a spreadsheet? Do we need to provide all of these modalites? We need to do research to see if there is a standard mechanism or format that insurance adjusters use to receive data from claimants. If so, we should bias the app to use that format.  

I would like the see the skill "antiGravitySkills/skills/ui-ux-pro-max" used to create a UI for the app that is consistent across all data types. I'd also like them to then ensure that the rest of the UI fits with that design. 

I would like the see the skill "antiGravitySkills/skills/senior-fullstack" used to then design and implement the reporting functionality. 

I'd like to see the skill "antiGravitySkills/skills/ai-pro-max" used to then review the existing uses of AI in the app and suggest improvements. This includes the usage of AI in improving the data that is used in the reporting process. Right now, a lot of irrelevant data is being processed and reported. 


